ok to install ram generally you would
open up your computer case again make
sure you're grounded so that anything
that you touch on the motherboard does
not get statically shocked and
automatically made into a paperweight
the first thing that you wanted to do is
locate where the RAM goes so in my case
we have the CPU here this is for this
big giant heatsink is and then to the
left or sometimes across the bottom very
near to the processor you'll see a
couple of slots long slots like this and
there if there are more than two slots
you'll see them color-coded in my case I
have blue and black and that's for when
you put more than one stick of ram in
there you need to match up the size with
each slot so slots one in three go
together so if i had to 512 megabytes
tix i'm gonna make sure that they go
here and i've had gigabyte sticks i want
to make sure that they matched up and
went two slots two and four so basically
make sure that you're grounded and snap
in the the memory modules they will snap
in and then these two these white
latches here will snap into place and
there are notches on the memory modules
that will snap with the latches here
they're pretty universal if they don't
fit do not force them in flip them
around because even though the slots
look like they're evenly spaced out
between the two dividers that are in in
the plastic here they're not so one side
is longer than the other side so flip
them around and then pop it in there and
then the white latches will come up and
pop into place one thing to remember
about installing memory is make sure you
get the right speed of memory make sure
your motherboard supports the right
speed as well so if you go out and you
buy 667 megahertz speed memory make sure
that your motherboard can support that
speed and also if you buy more than one
stick make sure they match in capacity
so 5 12 matches with 512 one gigabyte
just going day by someone so forth
that's pretty much how you install
memory